[newscaster] We've just received word
that Claw,
the esper terrorist organization,
has barricaded itself
inside the Seasoning Cultural Tower.
It's possible that Prime Minister Yabe,
who was abducted from Pork Bone City,
-is being held prisoner inside--
-[TV switches off]
-[ominous music playing]
-The PM's kidnapper was a teleporter.
He can travel anywhere in an instant.
[Mitsuura] And according to what they said
on the news,
he can also predict people's movements.
Well, that's not fair at all.
How can one person
have two overpowered abilities like that?
Is that why you developed a fever?
His psychic powers?
No. Actually,
it's from the shock of losing.
I had one just like this
when I lost to Kageyama
and had nightmares for days.
This guy is bad news.
Could they have more espers
with powers like his?
I've always been pretty confident.
Thought I could take on anyone.
-But now, I don't know.
-[music concludes]
[Teru] I'm not sure what to think.
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
COLLISION
~POWER TYPE~
[ominous music playing]
[Shimazaki] I don't get it.
Why'd we move away from the capital?
If we'd stayed,
we could've just taken over
the tallest building in Japan.
There are two reasons.
First, the rice omelets
in the cafeteria here are to die for.
-They use four large eggs per serving.
-Mm. Yummy.
[Toichiro] The second reason
is because I'm from this city.
Since I know it so well,
I can easily detect any changes.
So this place is special to you, huh?
Maybe some family and friends
who're still living
in your old neighborhood?
No, just a familiarity.
It's purely tactical. I've no attachment.
I don't mind
if you destroy the entire city.
Yeah? Even the place
with the rice omelets?
[chuckles] That's correct.
[SAT squad member]
The Special Anti-Terrorism squad
is at the Cultural Tower.
All units, prepare to raid the building.
-Should I go down there?
-That won't be necessary.
Every soldier from Claw HQ
is fully capable, I assure you.
They're only a small step
below the upper echelon, the Scars.
[gasps]
[Shibata] Is that so?
Most of those guys
are artificial espers, aren't they?
When'd they become so strong?
How did they-- They're not human!
[SAT squad members screaming]
-[music concludes]
-[Shibata] Hey, boss.
Just out of curiosity.
Did you do something
to enhance their powers?
[helicopters whirring]
[Hatori] Trying to get something
for the news?
You guys are so annoying. Just go away.
-[grunts] The controls aren't responding!
-A malfunction?
[pilot] I'm not sure!
It's gone out of control!
[laughs] It's like an RC copter.
-[Toichiro] Ignore all aircraft.
-[helicopter whirring]
Hatori can handle them on his own.
Minegishi and Shibata will go
into the town to expand our territory.
Serizawa and Shimazaki
will defend our base.
Let's get out there and show them all
just how powerful we are.
Go!
[Rei] Oh, no.
I didn't know that was possible.
What can we do?
There's just so many of 'em.
-Reigen, what's the plan?
-[intriguing music playing]
[blows, slurps]
Come on! This is no time
for a Cup O' Noodles break!
Now don't act like this
is outta your hands!
[Reigen sighs] What are you talkin' about?
Of course it is.
Huh?
We're not a team of superheroes
and this stuff is dangerous.
We're better off leaving it
to the police and the JSDF.
-What are you? Some kind of chicken?
-[slurps]
[sighs] No, but what do you think
we can do against people like that?
[groans] I don't know.
We all gathered here to ask you that,
ya noodle-munching dumbass.
Great! Then here's my answer.
Meeting's over.
I thought we might have a chance with Mob,
but this is just too dangerous.
We'll have to lie low
until things settle down.
[Teru] Reigen.
I think he's right.
That's our best option.
Well, I'm going.
I'd rather strike first
than be on the run forever.
-I'm going too!
-Same here!
We have to try.
This battle is our chance
to find a purpose for ourselves.
-Do whatever you want.
-[cell phone rings]
-[cell phone beeps]
-[Reigen] Yello?
Ah, yes, the fire insurance company!
Yes. Yes, that's right. Huh? Wait.
If you can't figure out the cause,
there won't be any payout?
You couldn't find any kerosene or gas?
Of course not!
It was caused by psychic powers!
Psychic powers!
You've never dealt with this before?
That's not my problem!
Hey, wait a sec.
My office burned to the ground!
I'm penniless!
Why the hell
do I even have insurance, then?
-What are you babbling about?
-Hang on. Look at his face.
-I've never seen him so serious.
-[grunts softly]
Well, crap. You guys are determined
to fight, aren't ya?
-[dramatic musical sting]
-I've changed my mind.
You want me to command you?
You've got it. Let's do this! To victory!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Reigen] And I'll find that damn arsonist
and drag them to the insurance company!
Master Reigen's super fired up!
[Reigen]
All right. Now that that's settled,
-we need a strategy.
-[gasps]
[Reigen] Everyone needs a copy
of the local map.
Apparently, the enemy is jamming
all electronic devices.
[Teru]
Guess I was just being too negative.
-Thanks, Reigen.
-[music concludes]
[groans]
-[Sho sighs]
-[wind howling]
[Ritsu] You're pretty strong.
You probably didn't even need my help
to pull this off.
Ritsu, your latent abilities
far surpass your brother's.
[Ritsu] There's no way that's true.
You're kidding, right?
Keep pushing till it is true.
You've gotta believe in yourself.
-[dramatic musical sting]
-Like me with my dad. I'm much stronger.
[gasps]
Leading this little uprising
is so on-brand for you, Sho.
-Talk about a textbook rebellious phase.
-[suspenseful music playing]
This guy's aura is super weird.
Who's the plant-man?
One of the Ultimate 5,
Claw's highest echelon.
His name is Minegishi
and he's a plant user.
If you get caught
by one of his vegetative minions,
consider yourself plant food.
He'd have the upper hand out
in the forest.
Lucky for us,
this place is a concrete jungle.
Don't worry, we'll take care of him.
-Please go on ahead, leader.
-[gasps]
You guys!
They've got this, Ritsu! Let's go!
[Ritsu] I have my doubts.
[Claw member 1] Hey! Look up in the sky!
-[indistinct murmuring]
-[Claw member 2] Whoa! What's going on?
[Claw member 3]
Are the government's espers attacking?
Shoot 'em down!
[distant explosions]
[Reigen] None of us will be in those cars.
The first step in our plan
is to break up the enemy's formation.
The goal is to try
and buy as much time as we can
before they realize
the cars are simply decoys.
Hey, uh, Teru.
So, um, is my telekinesis helping at all?
Yeah. It's kinda like
somebody using their pinky finger
to try and help carry heavy luggage.
[Takeshi] Was it too much
to just say "not really"?
[grunts]
Damn it. This is too much to do alone!
[Takeuchi]
Would you like some help, young man?
[Teru] Who are you?
[Terada] You decided to show up too, huh?
My name is Takeuchi.
I am a master
of the miraculous art of Super Qigong.
You just need
to make some cars fly, right?
Everything above-ground is a diversion.
We'll infiltrate their main base
through the sewers
and bring down the boss man.
This way.
-[water sloshing]
-[Reigen] Once they lose their leader,
none of the rest of them
should pose any threat on their own.
[plants whooshing]
[Otsuki grunts]
-[plants explode]
-[Minegishi gasps]
-[tense music playing]
-[Minegishi] That's no ordinary paper fan.
It's been turned into a device
that amplifies shock waves.
Quick! Everybody get behind my shield!
[Minegishi]
He disassembled then reassembled
the shredded vines and leaves.
Interesting technique.
I can even make
a human-like doll out of a refrigerator
as long as it has the right parts
and materials.
-You feeling all right?
-Better now. Thanks.
[Minegishi] The one in the green
is a rare healing type.
They're perfectly balanced
in attack, defense, and support.
That means it's time for me
to step up and get serious.
[music concludes]
Is this really the best place
for you to be?
What the hell could I do out there?
Besides, when Mob wakes up,
it'll probably help
if he has someone familiar here
to explain the situation to him.
But damn, is that kid knocked out or what?
He's sleeping like he's half dead.
I think this goes
way beyond just being tired.
Master Reigen! There's trouble!
Our security system picked up
some intruders!
Are you serious?
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[Reigen] It's gotta be Claw.
But how'd they find this place?
[Mitsuura] Come on!
The rear exit's this way!
[Reigen] No, it's no good
to run off without a plan.
We need to hide!
[footsteps approaching]
-[door opens]
-[footsteps approaching]
[ominous music playing]
[Claw member 1] No doubt about it.
They've gotta be in there.
[Claw member 2] So, are you guys shaking
-in your boots, yet?
-[Reigen breathes shakily]
[Claw member 3] Get your asses out here!
[Dimple] What's the plan, Reigen?
Want me to possess you
so you can brawl with 'em?
-I'll open the door.
-Stay on your guard, everyone.
[door rattling]
[Reigen] All right. You got me.
I give up. I'm not an esper.
You can tell
with your tracing powers, right?
The kid on my back actually is one,
but he hasn't been awake since last night.
Let me just take him to the hospital.
Seems fishy to me.
You think maybe he's packing a weapon?
Go frisk him and find out.
I don't have any weapons on me, okay?
Only my phone and a handkerchief.
He's got something in his jacket pocket.
Oh, that. It's just some cologne.
I work in the fragrance industry.
Smells great, huh?
-[whimsical music playing]
-[all groan]
[Dimple] Oh.
Apparently, it's filled with a curse
that causes extreme drowsiness.
I grabbed it from four-eyes a while back.
Good thing too. It really saved our butts.
-[footsteps approaching]
-Uh.
Thought you were a joke,
but you're really not so bad.
Unfortunately for you,
you're gonna have to deal with me next.
[Reigen] He's a big boy!
Are you ready?
[groans, grunts]
He's strong,
but thankfully, he's also an idiot.
I can't believe this
ridiculous lucky streak you're on lately.
-You're gonna die a horrible death.
-[music concludes]
[crunching]
[quirky music plays, fades]
[dramatic musical sting]
[Toichiro] What a beautiful sight
to behold.
All that destruction.
And yet I don't feel
the slightest tinge of remorse.
Sacrifices must be made
for world domination.
[Serizawa] Is that really true?
[Toichiro] Serizawa, why the long face?
Let me give you a word of advice.
Oh, yes, President!
I would love to hear it!
-[tense music playing]
-The secret behind
my unflinching positive attitude
is that I've never once concerned myself
with how others feel.
I've lived each day
of my life the way I wanted to.
As long as I can depend on myself,
everything will always work out.
Even if I lose all of you,
I doubt it would do anything
to break my spirit.
I've decided to take over the world,
so that's what's going to happen.
Since I have the audacity to say that,
it's basically in my hands already.
I'm sure you know this, Serizawa,
but I think very highly
-of your potential.
-[gasps]
[Toichiro]
You held back on Joseph, didn't you?
You need to obtain
a calm and bold positivity.
Then you can be just like me, unstoppable.
-I see!
-[music concludes]
That's how to climb the corporate ladder?
[Shimazaki] His misunderstanding
has gotten even worse.
-I mean, this isn't even a company.
-[tense music plays, fades]
What do we do now? They found our hideout!
First, we'll grab a taxi
and get outta here.
-[Shibata growls]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[growls]
-Huh?
What the hell?
I thought you were out cold!
I was, but too bad for you,
'cause I'm wide awake now, dumbass!
Ah! That's awesome!
Look, I seriously give up this time.
-I'm a lover, not a fighter.
-Idiot! Run for it, Reigen!
-Uh.
-[Shibata roars]
Oh, crap! Mob!
[Shibata] Psycho Steroid!
I send psychic signals to my muscles
and adjust them for maximum--
Yeah, sure. Whatever. Go back to sleep.
-[groans]
-[muscles crunching]
[growls, roars]
-Think that really pissed him off.
-Moron! Now he's even more powered up!
Enough of this! I'm gonna lure him out!
-He's not coming? Mob! Wake up!
-[roars]
[Dimple grunts]
-[dramatic music continues]
-[Dimple grunts]
-[grunts]
-[Shibata groans]
-[Dimple grunts]
[Dimple] I panicked for a second,
but this guy's not an evil spirit.
He's human! That means I can break him!
-[Shibata grunts]
-Okay, I was wrong.
This guy's not human at all.
-Damn! This isn't good!
-[growls]
-[Dimple] Catch him, Reigen!
-Right!
I was on the boys' volleyball team
for about five minutes.
-Bring it!
-[body thudding]
[gasps] No! Dimple!
Is… Is Mob's body okay?
[Dimple] That was close,
but I think he'll be fine.
Thanks to his shoe falling off.
But that did prove one thing, for sure.
There's no way
I can win this fight! [grunts]
Can't let that big lug catch me!
[growls]
[yells]
[Reigen] Are they gonna be all right?
[pensive music playing]
[newscaster] The terrorist organization
that has taken over part of Seasoning City
continues to wreak havoc
across the metropolitan area.
Citizens are being ordered to stay inside.
You won't believe it!
[pants] Take a look at this!
-I rolled a super ultra-rare!
-[music concludes]
-For real?
-Wow!
Inukawa, did you spend more money on…
[birds chirping]
-[all] Fight on! Fight on! Fight on!
-[officer blows whistle]
No one's allowed past this point,
even on foot.
Haven't you seen the news?
-[pants]
-What should we do, Captain?
Guess we'll change course.
It's boring to see
the same scenery all the time anyway.
[Musashi] Body improvement!
[all] Fight on! Fight…
[tense music playing]
[Scar member]
I knew there was somethin' off.
I guess the cars
in the sky were just a decoy.
Then there's likely another group
sneaking around somewhere.
Right. Let's get some information
out of 'em.
[Teru] So many Scars, but…
We have to do this.
Wait, your name's Terada, isn't it?
I can't believe you'd betray us like this!
And you're Ishihara
from Claw's 4th Division.
I can't believe your rude accusation.
I was just acting as a spy
and gathering up some intel.
I have valuable information on the enemy.
I'll give it to you
if you let me join HQ's operation.
-[gasp] Terada!
-Wait, how could you?
[Teru] This is a nightmare!
[Minegishi]
Did you honestly think you had a chance
-because there were three of you?
-[groans]
The difference between the Ultimate 5
and the rest of you is like night and day.
We're almost there.
If we keep going straight,
we should-- [gasps]
Nobody move!
Something doesn't feel right up ahead.
-There's something there.
-Yeah, what is it?
It's coming!
[Shimazaki]
Greetings, Scars. Are you lost?
At first,
I thought you were a bunch of sewer rats,
-scurrying around in the dark and filth.
-[grunts]
How unsightly.
I'll put an end to this foolishness.
-[music concludes]
-[pants]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Dimple] There's a crowd.
I guess my best bet
is to try to blend in and lose him.
-[Tsubomi] Whoa, that's amazing!
-[gasps]
-[growls]
-[Tsubomi] Who is he?
-A pro wrestler?
-[man] Hey! Stop pushing,
-you jerk!
-[Miki] He's kinda scary.
-[tense music playing]
-[Dimple] No way! Of all people,
Tsubomi's here!
-[Shibata growls]
-[man grunts]
[Dimple]
If anything were to happen to her,
Shigeo would erase me!
I have to stop him!
[growls]
[Dimple] Full-power barrier!
-[Dimple grunts]
-[crowd gasping]
Huh?
He hit so hard, he undid my possession!
A home run! Outta the park!
Wake up, Shigeo!
Wake up!
[music concludes]
-[Shibata growls]
-[heavy footsteps thudding]
[Shibata growls]
Why did Kageyama come falling
from the sky?
Maybe someone was tryin'
a long throw or something.
-[Jun] Hmm?
-[Ryohei] Hey, who's this dude?
[Hideki]
Those muscles are pretty impressive.
Were you the one who threw our friend
through the air like a football?
Kageyama is a member of our club.
I don't know who you are,
but unless you want trouble, I suggest--
-[Shibata growls]
-[grunts]
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[groans]
[all] Captain!
Bastard! You can't do that to him!
I'll show you
how much stronger I've gotten!
-Demon Rush!
-[Ryohei] It's our turn!
[all yell]
-[all] Fight!
-[groans]
-Onigawara!
-[Shibata growls]
-No way!
-With one arm?
[all yell]
[all grunt]
-[growls]
-[heavy footsteps thudding]
[growling continues]
-[yells]
-[Musashi grunts]
-[grunts]
-[music concludes]
I don't know
what you have against Kageyama,
but he doesn't deserve
to have you step on his head!
He's a kind and decent guy.
[grunts]
Listen. You've been working so hard.
No matter
how many times you've passed out.
No matter how many times you've stumbled.
You've always been running
right behind us.
-You never give up.
-[uplifting music playing]
Seeing you like that
gives the rest of us courage. [grunts]
And that's not gonna break,
no matter what this guy does!
-You hear me?
-[Shibata growls]
[ground rumbles]
-I won't let you!
-[bone crunching]
I'll die before I let you
do anything to Kageyama!
[yells]
[dramatic music playing]
[Dimple] This is more like it.
He's totally ripped.
Here we go! Unleashed!
MUSCLE USAGE
[roars]
[both grunting]
[ground rumbling]
-[yells]
-[Shibata groans]
-[groans]
-[Dimple] Don't look so surprised.
Muscles built using psychic powers
don't stand a chance
against muscles built
by training hard every single day!
-This guy is way outta your league!
-[Shibata groans]
-[Dimple] Shigeo was right.
-[yells]
-[Shibata screams]
-[groans]
-[music concludes]
-Hmm.
-[whimsical boing]
[Musashi] Hmm?
[all] Captain!
[Hiroshi] That was incredible!
Man, that was one hell
of an adrenaline rush!
You went at him like a beast!
-All that training paid off big time!
-Wait, you mean I did that?
I think it's time for us
to celebrate your growth!
[all] Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
-Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
-[Shibata growls]
Crap! That freak's gettin' up again!
-No way!
-What now, Captain? What do we do?
I don't know why,
but I can't raise my arms.
[Dimple] So much for trying that
a second time.
-[grunts]
-Here he comes!
-[grunts, groans]
-[all gasp]
[Musashi] Kageyama!
[Mob] The Body Improvement Club?
Uh. What happened?
Guess I was sleeping. That was weird.
Be careful sleeping outside.
Not a good idea.
[Mob] Sorry about that.
What happened, Dimple? Tell me everything.
[dramatic musical sting]
[Sho] Looks like we finally made it.
I'm coming for you, Dad. Get ready.
[dramatic musical sting]
["Memosepia" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] After waking up,
Mob heads for Seasoning Cultural Tower.
There, he goes up against Minegishi
from the Ultimate 5!
Leave the strongest
of those guys, Shimazaki, to me!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode 11, "Guidance ~Psychic Sensor~."
Option B involves buying the Blu-rays
and the manga.